Bleve index directory preservation on upgrade (#4725)
mattermost/docs: source/deployment/bleve.rst

1. Open **System Console > Experimental > Bleve**.
2. Set **Enable Bleve Indexing** to **true** to enable the other settings on the page.

> 3. Set the directory path to use for storing bleve indexes (e.g.: ``/var/opt/mattermost/bleveindexes``). The user running Mattermost should have permissions to access the directory. See our `Configuration Settings <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#bleve-settings-experimental>`__  documentation for details.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Set the directory path to use for storing bleve indexes (e.g.: ``/var/opt/mattermost/bleveindexes``). The user running Mattermost should have permissions to access the directory. See our `Configuration Settings <https://docs.mattermost.com/configure/configuration-settings.html#bleve-settings-experimental>`__  documentation for details.
```

4. Save the configuration.
5. Select the **Index Now** button. All users, channels, and posts in the database will be indexed oldest to newest.
6. Set **Enable Bleve for search queries** to **true**.
7. Set **Enable Bleve for autocomplete queries** to **true**.

.. note::

>   Search results for files shared before upgrading to Mattermost Server v5.35 may be incomplete until an `extraction command <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/command-line-tools.html#mattermost-extract-documents-content>`__ is executed using the CLI. After running this command, the search index must be rebuilt. Go to **System Console > Experimental > Bleve > Bulk Indexing**, then select **Index Now** to rebuild the search index to include older file contents.

Author: ```suggestion
  Search results for files shared before upgrading to Mattermost Server v5.35 may be incomplete until an `extraction command <https://docs.mattermost.com/manage/command-line-tools.html#mattermost-extract-documents-content>`__ is executed using the CLI. After running this command, the search index must be rebuilt. Go to **System Console > Experimental > Bleve > Bulk Indexing**, then select **Index Now** to rebuild the search index to include older file contents.
```
